Why did Mrs. Gu suddenly come here yesterday?
While in the hospital
Why did Mr. Gu say that he should apologize?
They both have the surname Gu?
Qiqi, who did Mrs. Gu come to find just now?
Find Mr. Gu first
Looking for you later
By the way, he also gave me a business card
Said that when you come back
Just call him and tell him
Looks fierce
Is it because of my affair with Mr. Gu?
Specially found
His surname is also Gu
To tell you the truth
I thought he and Mr. Gu were mother and son at first
But I heard it from him.
I met Mr. Gu at the Chamber of Commerce
Came to talk to him about business
He doesn't look familiar with Mr. Gu at all
Well, it seems that I think too much.
It is also true that Mr. Gu is Zhao Tingchuan
How could the Zhao family allow him to change his surname?
Is there anything wrong with the cooperation between Rosse and Shen?
Why do you ask that?
I just got the news.
Said the cooperation was terminated
No, no one informed me.
It's a message from Assistant Duan.
It shouldn't be wrong, I'm just a pity.
We spent more than half a year
Fall on this project
Especially when you work overtime day and night
I'll ask
Mr. Gu, I heard that the cooperation with review has been cancelled.
Why do you have an opinion
dare not
But I am the POC of this project after all.
At least I should know why
Yes, I mean it.
Mr. Gu
This project poses little risk to our company
High profits are really good for our company
You are so reluctant
Is reluctant to cooperate
Still reluctant to be tried
What do you mean?